feat(agents): add AGENTS.md file for Ignite UI for Blazor (#195)
IgniteUI/igniteui-blazor: skills/AGENTS.md

- Persistence (WASM): `Blazored.LocalStorage` / `Blazored.SessionStorage`
- Complex apps: Fluxor or BlazorState

## Styling

- Use `.razor.css` scoped stylesheets files for component-specific styles; CSS isolation prevents leakage between components
- Prefer CSS custom properties for themeable values
- Do NOT use inline styles; extract to `.razor.css` or a shared stylesheet

## Caching

- Use `IMemoryCache` for lightweight server-side caching in Blazor Server apps
- For Blazor WebAssembly, use `localStorage` or `sessionStorage` to cache state between page reloads
- Consider distributed cache strategies (Redis, SQL Server Cache) for larger apps requiring shared state across multiple users
- Cache API responses to avoid redundant calls when data is unlikely to change

## Security

- Use ASP.NET Identity or JWT for auth; always HTTPS with proper CORS
- Never expose sensitive data in client-side Blazor WebAssembly code

## Testing

- Unit/integration: xUnit or MSTest with Moq or NSubstitute
- Component tests: bUnit for rendering and interaction verification
- Use Visual Studio's diagnostics tools for performance profiling

## UI Components

> - Use `IgniteUI.Blazor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `IgniteUI.Blazor.Lite`, `IgniteUI.Blazor.GridLite` for general purpose components and light-weight grid, and `IgniteUI.Blazor` (trial version available publicly as `IgniteUI.Blazor.Trial`) for specialized feature-rich grids and charts.
```

- Components use the `Igb` prefix (e.g., `IgbGrid`, `IgbCombo`, `IgbDatePicker`).
- Every component requires module registration in `Program.cs`: `builder.Services.AddIgniteUIBlazor(typeof(IgbGridModule))`.
- Add `@using IgniteUI.Blazor.Controls` to `_Imports.razor`.
- Link a theme stylesheet in the host page (e.g., `_content/IgniteUI.Blazor/themes/light/bootstrap.css`).

> - If the `IgniteUI.Blazor` NuGet package is not present in the project file, add it first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the `IgniteUI.Blazor.Lite`, `IgniteUI.Blazor.GridLite` NuGet packages are not present in the project file, add it first.
```
